# Tweakable-SM4
1、Description of design ideas. SM4 is the commercial block cipher standard of China used for wireless communication. While SM4 withstood a great deal of analysis, the non-tweakable structure makes it lack of flflexibility. we present three different methods to turn the SM4 into a tweak block cipher. The first method called TNT-SM4 is based on the TNT model, which is proposed by Bao et al recently. According to the design principle of TNT, the SM4 is divided into three chunks, and the unmodified tweak is added at the two cutting points. To obtain a more efficient scheme, the 128 bits and 32 bits tweak are both adopted and compared with each other, which is denoted as TNT-SM4-128 and TNT-SM4-32 respectively. In the second method, we make full use of the structural characteristics of SM4 and propose an extremely simple scheme. To find the best tweak schedule in terms of security and efficiency, we utilize the MILP to perform a complex search. The third method adopts the same tweak schedule as the key schedule of SM4, which is equivalent to one more key schedule for SM4.  We analyze the security of these three proposals, with emphasis on related-key and related-tweak attacks.  2、Experimental description.     The uploaded code includes the following contents: The difference analysis of the first method; The differential / linear analysis, impossible differential analysis and boomerang attack of the second method is; The differential analysis of key schedule of the third method.
